crypto:add sm4 module (#20651)
vlang/v: vlib/crypto/sm4/README.md

## Description:

> `crypto.sm4` is a module that assists in the encrypt and
> decrypt of binary data using `SM4` block cipher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`crypto.sm4` is a module that assists in the encryption and
decryption of binary data using the `SM4` block cipher.
```
